we're here in the middle of Soho and New
York and getting ready to start our big
fashion week and marina Singh is joining
us thank you for inviting us into your
showroom you about dumb I'm so happy you
made it and I also wanted to thank you
for really being a part of Super
Saturday oh my god I loved it thank you
for yeah thank you for having been a
huge support we appreciate it i love i
love the project up in there so right
now New York is always busy but it's
even busier than usual is there any
difference in the energy in New York
during Fashion do people just tend to
get more dressed up I think that Vybez
and that excitement is there and you
want to be seen and you want to see are
there any trends for this fall looks for
this fall that you really think are
important that we should look out for
them loving all the layering going on
and necklaces and as well as bangles you
know which I know you're the last few
years now we're ahead of your time yes
already luring started the learning that
little as five years ago and just moved
on to necklaces you're describing your
style your point of view as a designer
to someone who's never seen your
collection how would you describe it I
think it's modern expected it mixes an
old world and it's also oppression and I
love the way that you make it very fresh
but it really has this exotic traveled
amazing feel you know they've been
inspired with all my travels I am really
excited because on fashion's night out
which is Thursday and Thursday is going
to be a huge event going on all over the
city QVC you're gonna be there yeah
you're going to bring a beautiful piece
of jewelry iron yeah I just happen to
have them right here we're really doing
a partnership it's fashion night out
it's you it's QVC and it's hautelook.com
so who look and I started working
together they have such a loyal great
clientele they have a contemporary young
customer who is aware of what she wants
you know the price she wants it at and
she knows fashion fashion night out with
bc is really going to be kind of a
preview and then we're all partnering to
show you all the beautiful things on her
look you do great sandals you do great
handbags so I've launched hair
accessories as well as sandals and bags
that you're going to see on the hook
sale so amorita we'll look forward to
seeing you on fashion night out yes
it'll be a big party yes we look forward
to the jewelry okay and then we'll jump
online and take a look at hautelook get
all the gorgeous thing it's going to be
a fun week